[NARRATOR] Previously
on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
Goku and his
friends were greeted
by two mysterious strangers
who seemed oddly eager
to assess their skills
in the upcoming tournament.
Who in the world
was that?
No clue.
[GOKU] But y'know,
meeting someone like that
has a funny way of
making me think that
maybe this tournament
isn't a sure win after all.
[NARRATOR] As the Round One
line-up drawing wraps up,
Goku's gut-instinct
may turn out to be
closer to the truth
than he realizes.
Vegeta.
♪ Opening Song ♪
[TRUNKS] Sweet!
Our dads are gonna go
head-to-head! Betcha
I know who's gonna win!
[GOTEN] Duh.
My dad's gonna win.
Yeah. In your dreams!
Whatever, dude!
Your dad shouldn't
even qualify, if you ask me.
Why'd you
have to go there?
S'not like he hasn't
been training just
'cause he's in
Otherworld, y'know.
Uh, Mr. Mighty Mask?
It's actually your turn now.
Please come up
and draw a number!
[TRUNKS IN A DEEP VOICE]
Coming, sorry!
Sir, the clock is ticking.
'Kay.
[TRUNKS]
Lucky thirteen!
[ANNOUNCER] Is it me,
or have his arms
shrunk since last time?
[GOTEN]
Excuse me!
Your bottom half could use
something to drink, too!
Not now.
We can't risk
blowing our cover--
[GOTEN] If you want
Mighty Mask's legs to work,
you'll stop hogging the juice!
[TRUNKS]
Fine! Whatever! Here.
[GOTEN]
Stop it!
See? No one saw that.
[ANNOUNCER]
Ma Junior, you're up.
And you'll be number four.
[PICCOLO]
Against him? Fine.
Maybe I can learn
more about who he is.
Ah! And next, we have
the reigning World
Champion: Mr. Satan!
Excellent!
I will be drawing on his
behalf while he rests up.
And it looks like ten
is his lucky number.
Yes! Way to go,
sweetheart--
looks like you get
to fight the World Champ!
Oh? He someone
I should care about?
Oh wow!
Sucks to be you!
My dad won't be an easy fight!
[ANNOUNCER]
Last but not least: Yamu!
[ANNOUNCER] And of course you're
fifteen because nothing's left!
Haha! Here is your
official starting lineup!
[ANNOUNCER] The first match will
be between Krillin and Pintar!
The second, Shin and Ma Junior!
Match three:
Videl versus Spopovitch!
Match four, Kibito
versus Great Saiyaman!
Match five: Number
Eighteen versus Mr. Satan!
Match six:
Goku versus Vegeta!
Match seven: Mighty
Mask versus Killa!
The final match of round one:
Yamu versus Jewel!
Time to start
the show, people!
Kindly follow me to
the contestants' lobby,
if you would please.
I assume everybody
knows the rules?
Should you quit, be pinned
or otherwise incapacitated
for a ten-count,
take a tumble off the platform,
get thrown from the ring,
or accidentally
kill your opponent,
you forfeit the match.
Also, due to the sheer
number of matches,
there will be a time-limit
of thirty minutes per.
Any fight that goes over
the designated limit
will be decided by
our panel of judges.
Huh.
The time-limit
seems kinda random.
[laughs]
Worry not, half pint,
I will only need ten seconds.
Yeah, yeah. Terrifying.
[MR. SATAN] Fifth
match, huh? With who?
[MONK 11A] Well, not
someone I know much about.
Except that
she's quite a looker.
[GOHAN]
Is he all right?
So. Green man.
Does he always get
this way before a fight?
Poor guy looks like
he's about to throw up.
What?
Oh, no, he's good.
This is just how
he prepares, you know?
[GOHAN] Piccolo.
Why are you so on-edge?
Is it who you're up against?
Well, well.
Somebody's fired up, huh?
[GOKU chuckles]
You know me!
Too bad it'll be you and
Vegeta in the first round.
That leaves the rest of us with
a crazy-tough act to follow.
[GOKU] You kidding?
It's a great way to start!
[exhales deeply]
Piccolo.
Yeah. Check him out!
He's all fired up, too.
Hey, do me
a favor, Piccolo:
go easy on me, you know,
since I'll be paired up with you
in the second round and all.
Am I right
or am I right?
Hello?
Earth to Goku.
While I'm at it, honey,
you might wanna take
it easy on your guy, too.
He is the reigning champ,
so let him save face.
[18] Well, that'll
be up to him, won't it?
[CROWD cheering]
[horns blaring]
[laughs]
And we're back, folks!
Thanks for stickin' around!
[BULMA]
Good luck everybody!
[ERASA] Woo-hoo!
You show 'em, Videl!
[PINTAR grunting]
It's been too long.
Heh. Time to cut loose!
All right! Ladies and
germs, are you ready
to see some
spectacular martial arts?
[CROWD cheers]
So, Videl's
in the third match, right?
Wow, I never thought
I'd say this, but I'm excited.
Don't get too worked up.
I mean, this is Videl
we're talking about.
Only one stronger
than her is her dad.
Yeah, but still.
Oh. Look, there's
Great Saiyaman.
Chances are pretty good
they'll be paired
up in the next round.
Two heroes dukin' it out.
Kinda romantic, right?
Ha! You gotta
be kidding me.
That goof will be lucky to last
ten seconds in his first fight.
[COMMANDING OFFICER 12A]
Okay, men! Loud and proud!
I expect them to hear us
cheering on Videl
all the way back
in Satan City!
[POLICEMEN]
Yeah!
--Here.
--Huh? Oh, thanks. Wow.
You, uh--really seem to
be enjoying yourself, huh?
It's not all that hard
to get caught up
in the spirit of things when
your little boy takes home
the Junior Division title;
he was a shoo-in, naturally,
but that doesn't make
me any less thrilled.
And once Vegeta wins,
father and son will
be sporting matching
championship belts!
[laughs]
[CHICHI]
Dream on, sister.
Like he has a prayer
against my Goku.
Get ready for
disappointment,
'cause that's all you'll
be getting out of this.
So you can see the
future all of a sudden?
Well, some of us have
to base our conclusion
on how our son's
fight turned out.
Oh, is that a fact?
Well. Goody
gumdrops for you!
Some of us base our
conclusions on the fact
that their husbands have
never lost a single fight.
O-ho!
I'll have you know Vegeta's
been training like a madman
for five years
using a hyper-gravity
device I built for him!
Your hubby may have a
nasty surprise in store!
And I'll have you know
Goku happens to be
in this to keep us
out of the poor house!
Unlike certain people,
who shall remain nameless,
who've never
wanted for anything.
What are you tryin' to say?
[CHICHI]
That Goku's gonna win!
[BULMA]
Vegeta's gonna win!
[CHICHI]
Goku!
[BOTH growl]
Let's keep
it friendly, ladies.
Just a game, right? Huh?
[BOTH]
Lay off!
[OOLONG]
That was uncalled for.
Okay! It's time!
Let's get this show started!
Who is gonna
be king of the hill?
Give it up for our first
combatants: Krillin and Pintar!
[GOKU]
Good luck, buddy.
Ha! Like I'll need it
with this chump.
[PINTAR]
Whoopsie-daisy.
[laughs]
What is your problem, pal?
Oh, hey.
Well, look at that.
You have stayed.
Thought you would
have run away by now.
Anyone else
in your shoes would.
I'm telling you, pipsqueak,
you will be ruined
for all other matches--
not that you will see any.
My gracious offer;
since this is your first time,
I'll go easy.
In your dreams.
[ANNOUNCER]
You can feel the air thicken
as both contestants
approach the ring.
Krillin boasts some truly
impressive showings
in this competition
from younger days,
and this appearance
marks his return
after a long hiatus.
Pintar, notorious
for his ferocity,
is here to set the record
straight after a ring-out in the
last tournament
denied him the chance
to move beyond the semifinals.
If ever there was a face
that said "confidence" it's his.
[yells]
That man looks really mean.
I don't want Daddy to
fight him! Make 'em stop.
Oh, it's okay, sweetie.
Your pop can handle
this clown no prob.
You know he's the strongest
man in the world, right?
Is he really?
Yeah. You betcha.
So far as earthlings
are concerned at least.
[SPECTATOR 12A] Check it out.
The big one's like,
a million times
the other guy's size.
[SPECTATOR 12B] This'll be
over before it's even started.
[SPECTATOR 12C] Anyone
else feel bad for Krillin?
Once Pintar sets
his sights on somethin',
he don't back down.
Dude's like an animal.
[growls, chuckles]
[laughs]
[ANNOUNCER]
Oh dear, folks!
Pintar has that
crazed look in his eye.
Despite the glaring difference
in size between he and Krillin,
the big man clearly does not
intend to scale back his game.
Is his opponent ready for this?
Do you hear that, runt?
They expect you to lose.
Well of course they do!
They know what is what!
If you would like to concede,
best do it now while you
can still move your jaw.
[KRILLIN] Right.
I'm shakin' in my boots.
Can he be any more
of a jackass?
[ANNOUNCER]
Combatants!
On your marks,
get set, and fight!
[bellows]
[laughs]
That's right. I bet you
were not expecting
someone my size to
be so nimble! Oh yeah!
Try to outmaneuver me
all you want, little man!
Pintar moves like a cat!
'Kay. No outmaneuvering.
Fine.
[laughs]
Aw, pumpkin.
Are you frightened?
How about I offer
you the first punch, eh?
Just to give you,
how do you say, perspective?
[KRILLIN sighs]
C'mon! Hit me with
everything you have got!
Do it!
Don't be a wuss!
[KRILLIN]
Fine!
[yells, groans]
[CROWD gasps]
Offer accepted!
[ANNOUNCER] We have a ring-out!
The big man got himself tossed!
The win goes to Krillin!
[SPECTATOR 12A]
Whoa, that was incredible!
[SPECTATOR 12C] He packs
enough umph for a dude
ten million times his size!
[BOTH]
Yay! Go Krillin!
Oh, neat-o! He is strong!
See?
[ANNOUNCER]
Outstanding! I knew it!
This is going to be
the tournament
to end all tournaments!
Nice going, Krillin.
Eh. Too easy.
Piccolo. Not that
I'm sayin' you need it,
but good luck with your guy.
Come on.
You know you've
got this in the bag!
If I didn't know better,
I'd swear you were nervous.
No, really; what is it?
On to the next! Oh, yes!
This will be good!
We've got Shin and Ma Junior.
Right-o, let's show
them some love!
[CROWD cheers]
Excellent.
I've a strong suspicion
that I shall enjoy myself.
[ANNOUNCER] Gentlemen,
approach the ring.
This match will be Shin's
first appearance here with us.
His opponent, Ma Junior,
is a tournament veteran
who many of you will no
doubt remember from his
dazzling championship
bout a few years back--
one etched
in this emcee's mind.
Uh, 'scuse me--
we'll thank you to not
destroy the
grounds this time.
Correct me if I'm wrong,
but isn't he one of
the weirdos who tried to
shoulder in on Mr.
Satan's action
while he's was
givin' Cell the biz?
Yeah, that's gotta be it.
He was on the TV.
[KRILLIN]
What's the problem?
This Shin guy can't be
that big of deal, can he?
Yeah.
Seriously? Okay then.
I guess looks
can be deceiving.
[VEGETA]
At the very least,
this match will be instructive.
Whoever he is, we need
to gauge his power level.
[ANNOUNCER]
Combatants!
On your marks,
get set, and fight!
[PICCOLO]
What is wrong with me?
[grunting]
[PICCOLO]
Can it be nerves?
I've never met this
guy before in my life!
Why would I be nervous?
What's the deal?
Come on, give us a fight!
Stop staring at each other!
[CROWD shouts angrily]
Uh, perhaps you
didn't hear me.
I gave you the green light.
[SPECTATOR 12A]
Aw, man! This is lame!
[SPECTATOR 12B]
Hey, in case you're wonderin',
all these people here?
Kinda waiting for
some movement.
If you both would
be so kind.
This is after all a
martial arts tournament!
[PICCOLO]
That's not possible!
What on Earth is going
on in his head right now?
[VEGETA]
No.
[PICCOLO]
Who are you?
You will know. Very soon.
You will know.
Very soon.
But for now let us
simply enjoy the match.
[GOKU]
Piccolo!
[ANNOUNCER] Fellas!
What's the hold up?
[PICCOLO]
I'm sorry, I--
I concede.
[ALL gasp]
What?
Wait. You--You concede?
Without even a proper fight?
[PICCOLO]
Yes.
[SHIN]
Of course.
He is bound to the
guardian of this world.
That may give
him special insight
into just who I really am.
Uh.
Ma Junior concedes!
Newcomer Shin wins
his inaugural battle in
the World Martial Arts
tournament by default!
Didn't expect that.
Huh. Oddball.
Think maybe he
wasn't feelin' well?
Probably, yeah.
He was lookin' a little
green around the gills.
[GOHAN]
What happened out there?
[KRILLIN] Are you
having an off day?
This is serious, huh?
Yes. He's in
a class by himself.
[KRILLIN] You're joking, right?
Or at least exaggerating?
Aw, come on Piccolo!
I--I gotta square off with
him in the next round!
Okey-dokey!
Moving right along!
Match three will be a doozey!
Videl versus Spopovitch!
[CROWD cheers]
Woo-hoo!
Show 'em who's boss!
[CROWD] Go Videl!
Go Videl! Go Videl!
Heh, they're losing
their minds over you.
The popularity
is nice, I'll bet.
Heh.
[breathes deeply]
Yo. Weren't you
payin' attention, man?
They just called ya up.
Hey, Veins.
Somebody's talkin' to you--
[growls]
It's time.
Gohan.
Hey, you and me
got a date for round two.
[ANNOUNCER] Though
I'm sure none of you
needs me to tell you this,
Videl comes from
championship stock.
As Mr. Satan's daughter,
she's worked closely
with law enforcement to
keep her city crime-free.
She rocked the Junior
Division as a little girl.
Now, after seven long years,
she's ready to take her
place alongside Daddy.
Her opponent, Spopovitch,
didn't make it past
the first round last time,
but after a dramatic makeover,
he's hungry for a title shot!
[NARRATOR] Tensions mount
as Videl's burly opponent
steps toward the ring to
take on a crowd favorite.
But Shin watches
his approach like a hawk.
Who is this man?
What about him drove Piccolo
to forfeit their match?
And why is he staring
daggers at Spopovitch?
Find out,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
No question Videl knows
how to handle herself,
but this Spopvitch guy--
something about
him just isn't right.
[VIDEL]
Hi-ya!
Persistent, aren't you?
Well if you think I'm not,
you got another
thing comin'!
[GOKU] Next time on
Dragon Ball Z Kai!
[GOHAN] I don't
like this one bit.
I've got to do something!